Lesson 1:

Reflect: Learning to use "diff" command on bash to find bugs
"diff" command shows the difference between two files.

Reflect: Using History for Efficiency
Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
   Finding out which versions work and which don't can help me find and sort through my history, to find best 
   working solutions.

Reflect: Manual Commits
Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
   Pro: Easier to see and track the changes, as each changes are aimed to track logical changes
   Pro: Devs becomes more mindful about how they do their work
   Cons: Some changes may have been left unsaved, if a dev forgot to save

Reflect: Multi-File Commits
Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
   Git allows the devs to see and reflect on changes that are linked together. i.e. in a project. While Google Docs
   is geared more towards tracking individual change, without missing on any of those changes.

Reflect: Using Git to view history
Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
   "git log" command shows all the changes that have been committed. Each commit has a unique ID and a message
   showing the changes. "git diff" shows the difference between two commits.

Reflect: Confidence from Version control
Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
   Using version control means that I don't need to worry about breaking things, as the previous (working) version
   is always saved, and any changes I make can easily be tracked.

Reflect: How Do You Want to Use Git?
Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
   I will use Git to make sure any of my future projects will be version controlled, and I won't have any fear
   on trying new and experimental new features.